docs: What’s new addition (#77233)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/whatsnew/whats-new-in-v10-2.md

{{< video-embed src="/media/docs/datadog/datadog-rate-limit.mp4" >}}

### Microsoft SQL Server: Support for Azure Authentication (Service principal / MSI)

<!-- Jev Forsberg, Oscar Kilhed -->

_Generally available in all editions of Grafana_

> We have added support for Azure Authentication (Service principal / MSI) on our MSSQL plugin to authenticate and allow querying of content stored in SQL Managed Instance databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've added support for Azure Authentication (Service principal/MSI) on our MSSQL plugin to authenticate and allow querying of content stored in SQL Managed Instance databases.
```

> Enable this feature by setting the `managed_identity_enabled` property to `true` under the `Azure` heading in your configuration file (/conf/<your_config_file>.ini). Next, in your Microsoft SQL Server data source configuration UI, under **Authentication, select **Azure AD Authentication** in the drop-down. Then [what are we doing here] **Azure Authentication Settings**, and choose **Managed Identity** or **App Registration**.

Reviewer: Looked at the image in and now I see it.
```suggestion
Enable this feature by setting the `managed_identity_enabled` property to `true` under the `Azure` heading in your configuration file (/conf/<your_config_file>.ini). Next, in your Microsoft SQL Server data source configuration UI, under **Authentication, select **Azure AD Authentication** in the drop-down. Then under **Azure Authentication Settings** select **Managed Identity** or **App Registration**.
```

> Enable this feature by setting the `managed_identity_enabled` property to `true` under the `Azure` heading in your configuration file (/conf/<your_config_file>.ini). Next, in your Microsoft SQL Server data source configuration UI, under **Authentication**, select **Azure AD Authentication** in the drop-down. And finally, under **Azure Authentication Settings**, select either **Managed Identity** or **App Registration**, and enter the credentials accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable this feature by setting the `managed_identity_enabled` property to `true` under the `Azure` heading in your configuration file (/conf/<your_config_file>.ini). Next, in your Microsoft SQL Server data source configuration UI, under **Authentication**, select **Azure AD Authentication** in the drop-down. Finally, under **Azure Authentication Settings**, select either **Managed Identity** or **App Registration**, and enter the credentials accordingly.
```

> Enable this feature by setting the `managed_identity_enabled` property to `true` under the `Azure` heading in your configuration file (/conf/<your_config_file>.ini). Next, in your Microsoft SQL Server data source configuration UI, under **Authentication**, select **Azure AD Authentication** in the drop-down. This will reveal **Azure Authentication Settings**, under which you will then select either **Managed Identity** or **App Registration**, and enter the credentials accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable this feature by setting the `managed_identity_enabled` property to `true` under the `Azure` heading in your configuration file (/conf/<your_config_file>.ini). Next, in your Microsoft SQL Server data source configuration UI, under **Authentication**, select **Azure AD Authentication** in the drop-down. This reveals the **Azure Authentication Settings** section, under which you then select either **Managed Identity** or **App Registration**, and enter the credentials accordingly.
```

> Enable this feature by setting the `managed_identity_enabled` property to `true` under the `Azure` heading in your configuration file (/conf/<your_config_file>.ini). Next, in your Microsoft SQL Server data source configuration UI, under **Authentication**, select **Azure AD Authentication** in the drop-down. This reveals the **Azure Authentication Settings** section, under which you then select either **Managed Identity** or **App Registration**, and enter the credentials accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable this feature by setting the `managed_identity_enabled` property to `true` under the `Azure` heading in your configuration file (/conf/<your_config_file>.ini). Then take the following steps in your Microsoft SQL Server data source configuration UI:

Under **Authentication**, select **Azure AD Authentication** in the drop-down to reveal the **Azure Authentication Settings** section.
In this section, select either **Managed Identity** or **App Registration**.
Enter the credentials accordingly.
```

> {{< figure src="media/docs/grafana/data-sources/screenshot-managed-identity-mssql.png" caption="Azure MSI Authentication" >}}

Reviewer: In my local, I can't get the image to build, but I'm having trouble with my local builds right now. As long as it's building for you, it's probably fine. However when I looked at the image in our media assets, it seems really big. Maybe add a width constraint on this (say 750px). And having the required fields not filled in is distracting. Can you put dummy content in those fields to avoid having those errors showing in the image?

Author: You got it!

{{< video-embed src="/media/docs/datadog/datadog-rate-limit.mp4" >}}

### Microsoft SQL Server: Support for Azure Authentication (Service principal/MSI)

<!-- Jev Forsberg, Oscar Kilhed -->

_Generally available in all editions of Grafana_

We've added support for Azure Authentication (Service principal/MSI) on our MS SQL plugin to authenticate and allow querying of content stored in SQL Managed Instance databases.

Enable this feature by setting the `managed_identity_enabled` property to `true` under the `Azure` heading in your configuration file (/conf/<your_config_file>.ini). Then take the following steps in your Microsoft SQL Server data source configuration UI:

> Under **Authentication**, select **Azure AD Authentication** in the drop-down to reveal the **Azure Authentication Settings** section.
> In this section, select either **Managed Identity** or **App Registration**.
> Enter the credentials accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. Under **Authentication**, select **Azure AD Authentication** in the drop-down to reveal the **Azure Authentication Settings** section.
2. In this section, select either **Managed Identity** or **App Registration**.
3. Enter the credentials accordingly.
```

> {{< figure src="/media/docs/grafana/data-sources/screenshot-managed-identity-mssql-ui-cropped.png" caption="Azure MSI Authentication" >}}

Author: ```suggestion
{{< figure src="/media/docs/grafana/data-sources/screenshot-managed-identity-mssql-ui-cropped.png" caption="Azure MSI Authentication" max-width="500" >}}
```

{{< video-embed src="/media/docs/datadog/datadog-rate-limit.mp4" >}}

### Microsoft SQL Server: Support for Azure Authentication (Service principal/MSI)

<!-- Jev Forsberg, Oscar Kilhed -->

_Generally available in all editions of Grafana_

We've added support for Azure Authentication (Service principal/MSI) on our MS SQL plugin to authenticate and allow querying of content stored in SQL Managed Instance databases.

Enable this feature by setting the `managed_identity_enabled` property to `true` under the `Azure` heading in your configuration file (/conf/<your_config_file>.ini). Then take the following steps in your Microsoft SQL Server data source configuration UI:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

1. Under **Authentication**, select **Azure AD Authentication** in the drop-down to reveal the **Azure Authentication Settings** section.
2. In this section, select either **Managed Identity** or **App Registration**.
3. Enter the credentials accordingly.

> {{< figure src="/media/docs/grafana/data-sources/screenshot-managed-identity-mssql-ui-cropped.png" caption="Azure MSI Authentication" max-width="500" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< figure src="/media/docs/grafana/data-sources/screenshot-managed-identity-mssql-ui-cropped.png" caption="Azure MSI Authentication" max-width="550" >}}
```
